Welcome to "The Return of Medusa$, the second part of the "Rings 
of Medusa$ saga. 
     After crown prince Cirion had managed to ban the demon goddess 
Medusa from his kingdom Morenor during the Great War the empire 
prospered. Trade, industry and culture became a joy to all 
inhabitants. Tranquility was not to stay, however: The people 
demanded a pretty queen at prince Cirion's side. Yet none of 
Morenor's fair maidens seemed able to stir his heart. 
        Years passed by..... 
      Then, finally Cirion met a young woman whom, after considering 
for a long time, he decided to wed. The people rejoiced at this 
announcement and preperations for the wedding were made. 
        In the night before his wedding dark clouds drew closer 
above the palace. Unable to sleep, Cirion entered the palace gardens 
to take a stroll. Strange noises attracted his attention there. 
        Then it happened. He was hit on the head hard enough to 
lose consciousness. After a seemingly endless time Cirion woke up to 
find himself imprisoned by Medusa - in his own palace gaol. 
Here Medusa revealed her devilish plan: "I, Medusa, Goddess of 
all Demons, will not travel to a distant future where you and 
those of your blood will long have crumbled into nothingness. In 
the ashes of your lineage Morenor will lie helplessly open to my 
powers and will reign over the empire.$   Upon these words, Medusa 
disappeared through a door hiding a glittering field. 
        Luckily, her myrmidons had forgotten to search the prince. 
They did not suspect that Cirion's key to all palace doors was 
tucked away in his coat pocket. 
        Cirion, Crown Prince of Morenor, Emperor of Seven 
Continents, King of Paramaeciae, Avenger of Widows and the Disowned, 
Advocate of Jellybeans, Fiend of Maidens and Guardian of Justice 
decided to follow Medusa into the imponderable future. Whatever 
lay ahead of him was his destiny. Only there could be hope to 
vanquish the evil goddess. 
        No sooner said than done.... Softly, the prince opened the 
dungeon door and pounced on his custodians. Cirion swallowed 
hard, then stepped through the door into darkness.... 
                                                My 
special thanks go to my dear BbBb Martin and Ronald. Their 
help was invaluable. 
                                     If 
you have any questions, comments or suggestions concerning 
the game, please write to: Starbyte Software, Bochum, 
Germany.                                    
I hope you'll enjoy playing "Return of Medusa$ .... 
                                     
TÅbingen, June Nineteen and ninety-one. 
                          And once more: 
~

